---
layout: post
title: Welcome to my Blog
description: Ideas are meant to be shared. More web design + dev and machine learning discoveries on the way!
image: ../../../../assets/images/banner.jpg
categories: Others
---

Welcome, my blog visitor and thank you for visiting my blog!

I'm Marc Anthony Reyes and I'm a freelance web designer and developer based in Cagayan de Oro, Philippines. I'm currently finishing my degree in Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and I'm currently on my third year. As a junior student, I really am very curious about exploring more tools in web design and development as well as learn more about machine learning. I have joined many developer events here in Cagayan de Oro and I'm very happy that there are many aspiring software engineers, web, AR/VR, and game developers, and machine learning engineers. I'm also a volunteer creative lead at Google Developer Group Cagayan de Oro, a community organization for dev enthusiasts like me. I never would have thought that I'd become a Computer Science student because originally, my first course choice is Chemical Engineering. As a budding developer, I'm learning more tools that are purposeful enough for developing and creating apps. I'm also aspiring Machine Learning Engineer. With this, I want to share the things that I've learned, and I decided to put a blog so that I can share them.

I believe that all ideas are meant to be shared. We need to let other people to also know what we already know. It’s a trait that developers like me need to have since we are in the modern technological era. More applications were created because of open-source developers of different locations around the globe. With this, I’m challenged to learn more and to share what I learn into the community. I hope you’ll enjoy my posts and as well make purposeful applications for other people. 

If you have any recommendations that you want me to include on my blog posts, feel free to contact me by filling up the contact form below or e-mail me at <strong><a href="mailto:hello@marcreyes.ph">hello@marcreyes.ph</a></strong>. I’d be very happy the read them. Thanks for visiting my blog site and together, let's make the world a better place through computing.
